Update ES exporter docs (#11017)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/reference/edot-collector/components/elasticsearchexporter.md

## Performance and batching

### Queuing and batching

The {{es}} exporter supports the common `sending_queue` settings which support both queueing and batching. The default sending queue is configured to do async batching with the following configuration:

```yaml
sending_queue:
  enabled: true
  num_consumers: runtime.NumCPU()
  queue_size: <based on queue.mem.events>
  block_on_overflow: true
  wait_for_result: true
  batch:
    flush_timeout: 10s
    min_size: 0
    max_size: <based on flush::bytes>
    sizer: items
```

> The default configurations are chosen to be closer to the defaults with the exporter's previous inbuilt batching feature. For more details on the `sending_queue` settings, see the [exporterhelper documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/exporter/exporterhelper/README.md).

Reviewer: A couple of suggestions here:
- Use built-in because inbuilt is mainly used in British English, and we’re supposed to use American English
- Make this more accessibility-friendly
- Maybe either use `exporterhelper` or Exporter Helper in the link text?
```suggestion
The default configurations are chosen to be closer to the defaults with the exporter's previous built-in batching feature. For more details on the `sending_queue` settings, refer to the [`exporterhelper` documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/exporter/exporterhelper/README.md).
```

> The default configurations are chosen to be closer to the defaults with the exporter's previous built-in batching feature. For more details on the `sending_queue` settings, refer to the [`exporterhelper` documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/exporter/exporterhelper/README.md).

Reviewer 2: i'm afraid these need to be in a applies_to 9.3

Author: All the default configs? If that's the case, we could put the PR on hold till 9.3 is up.

## Performance and batching

### Queuing and batching

The {{es}} exporter supports the common `sending_queue` settings, which enable both queuing and batching. The default sending queue is configured to do async batching with the following configuration:

```yaml
sending_queue:

>   enabled: true

Reviewer 2: let's hold this until 9.3

      batch:
        min_size: 1000
        max_size: 10000
        flush_timeout: 5s
        sizer: items
```

### Deprecated batcher configuration

> ::::{applies-switch}

Reviewer: There’s just one `applies-item`, so it doesn’t make much sense to use an applies switch here (also, it doesn’t render nicely). How about a section-level `applies_to`?

| Setting | Default | Description |
|---------|---------|-------------|

> | `num_workers` | `runtime.NumCPU()` | Number of workers publishing bulk requests concurrently. This setting is deprecated and is used to configure `sending_queue::num_consumers` if `sending_queue::num_consumers` is not explicitly defined.  |

Reviewer: I find the wording here a bit strange “This setting is deprecated and is used to configure…” - could we perhaps separate the deprecation part from what the setting is used for?

| `retry::retry_on_status` | `[429]` | Status codes that trigger request or document level retries. Request level retry and document level retry status codes are shared and cannot be configured separately. To avoid duplicates, it defaults to `[429]`. |

:::{note}

> The `flush::interval` config is ignored when using `sending_queue` (enabled by default) or when `batcher::enabled` config is explicitly set.

Author: Which version would it be true for?

| `retry::retry_on_status` | `[429]` | Status codes that trigger request or document level retries. Request level retry and document level retry status codes are shared and cannot be configured separately. To avoid duplicates, it defaults to `[429]`. |

:::{note}

> The `flush::interval` config is ignored when using `sending_queue` (enabled by default) or when `batcher::enabled` config is explicitly set to true or false.

Reviewer: Similarly to what you did in the table, maybe this would be enough?
```suggestion
The `flush::interval` config is ignored when using `sending_queue` (enabled by default) or when `batcher::enabled` config is explicitly set.
```
